hey guys mike here today we're gonna
take a look at the omniverse case for
the ipad this comes from uniyah and the
features on this is a unique interior
memory foam for ipad protection on the
inside has corner flaps to keep your
ipad in place they are towed handles
they can be hidden when not in use it
has rugged zippers and looks like comes
in two different versions a soap fiber
which I have right here I believe and a
nylon material this will runya 3995 and
here is the case but just before we get
the ipad and i want to mention a couple
things sort of has this quilted design
as you can see right here this fabric is
i guess that little bit silk feel what
it really reminds me of is some sleeping
bags maybe the older sleeping bags they
have this i kind of a slick material on
the outside and sort of quilted like
this I'm not too crazy with the look or
the feel of it but something a little
bit different and you know probably give
it some pretty good protection maybe for
moisture and stuff up top here is the
tote handle and what's cool there's a
big buttons here to secure it so those
aren't going anywhere but what's cool
about it is it's toast just like it said
in the description there's a couple
little compartments right here with some
velcro and then what you can do is still
the handles and once they're stowed
basically you got a slipcase so nice
option you know if you don't want to
have those handles you know hanging
around you can just tuck this under your
arm will hold it and carry your on your
iPad or round up top here we have a
couple zippers on with a rubber handle
on them one thing to note is a couple
times like right here anyways on this
side would get a little tight on me a
little bit just mention that and well
I'm not too crazy about the the the
interior of it on the inside is really
cool this is a memory foam material so
you know sort of like those mattress
pads or maybe you know the seats at the
movies or something you know it's kind
of squishy and it you know holds on to
its up its shape whatever is pushing up
against it it's a sort of an eggcrate
kind of a pattern on it if I can kind of
catch that in the light and on the
camera so this is pretty cool the first
case I've seen it with this memory foam
so no this should contour to the shape
of the iPad you know pretty cool so a
pretty nice looking stuff right there so
let's get the ipad in so there are four
corners again like the description set
and you can just stick the ipad in
inside there this holds it really well
in place on the only
issue I have is some accessibility and
we'll kind of go through and I'll show
you where it kind of falls in here and
how it all works okay so this is not
going to work so nice to cure fit now
the only issues I have is just general
accessibility down here the bottom you
do have good access to the 30-pin
connector but you have to kind of open
it up a little bit to get the cable in
there the microphone is a little cover
but it's not a big deal because not
right up against the speaker up top here
it's a little tough to get at the power
button which would be over here I guess
right you have the power button because
it is covered up and what it is is this
little lip kind of comes up and you know
it's kind of a good bad thing where this
will give it some protection because
it's not going to you know it's not
exposed but it's a little rigid so you
have to basically push this down in
order to you know get to the button same
thing up here for the top basically
you're not going to be able to hook up a
headset jack and the top microphone is
covered you'll have to remove this
little corner in order to get to it and
then similar over here on the side
here's the volume rocker so you have to
really kind of push through this
material and the rotation lock is
completely covered so you know it's one
of those design compromises where you
know in order to hold it in place is
securely at the corners you're going to
be obstructing some of the controls and
ports so to take a look here and how it
looks while it's all closed up you know
this zips over and again I'm having a
little trouble with that one corner but
it does go you just have to kind of work
a little bit to get it to go what gives
you an idea what it looks fully enclosed
I'm pretty good padding on again i love
that memory foam on you that's probably
the best feature second best i'd say is
a nice stowed handles give you the
option to have a tote handle or not but
overall this a little bit of an
interesting design something a little
bit different i'd be interested maybe
check out the nylon i might like that a
little bit better than this you know
slightly silky you know like material so
there you go guys a look at the
omniverse ipad case from uni this is
mike from and saying the great Mac
thanks for watching
you